README.md, before:

<p align="center"> <img alt="Space Station 14" width="880" height="300" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/space-wizards/asset-dump/de329a7898bb716b9d5ba9a0cd07f38e61f1ed05/github-logo.svg" /></p>

Space Station 14 is a remake of SS13 that runs on [Robust Toolbox](https://github.com/space-wizards/RobustToolbox), our homegrown engine written in C#.

This is the primary repo for Space Station 14. To prevent people forking RobustToolbox, a "content" pack is loaded by the client and server. This content pack contains everything needed to play the game on one specific server.

If you want to host or create content for SS14, this is the repo you need. It contains both RobustToolbox and the content pack for development of new content packs.

## Links

[Website](https://spacestation14.io/) | [Discord](https://discord.ss14.io/) | [Forum](https://forum.spacestation14.io/) | [Steam](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1255460/Space_Station_14/) | [Standalone Download](https://spacestation14.io/about/nightlies/)

## Documentation/Wiki

Our [docs site](https://docs.spacestation14.io/) has documentation on SS14s content, engine, game design and more. We also have lots of resources for new contributors to the project.

## Contributing

We are happy to accept contributions from anybody. Get in Discord if you want to help. We've got a [list of issues](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14-content/issues) that need to be done and anybody can pick them up. Don't be afraid to ask for help either!  
Just make sure your changes and pull requests are in accordance with the [contribution guidelines](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/codebase-info/pull-request-guidelines.html).

We are not currently accepting translations of the game on our main repository. If you would like to translate the game into another language consider creating a fork or contributing to a fork.

## Building

1. Clone this repo.
2. Run `RUN_THIS.py` to init submodules and download the engine.
3. Compile the solution.

[More detailed instructions on building the project.](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/setup.html)

## License

All code for the content repository is licensed under [MIT](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/LICENSE.TXT).

Most assets are licensed under [CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless stated otherwise. Assets have their license and the copyright in the metadata file. [Example](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Objects/Tools/crowbar.rsi/meta.json).

Note that some assets are licensed under the non-commercial [CC-BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) or similar non-commercial licenses and will need to be removed if you wish to use this project commercially.

Commit message:

Update license language and README (#5)

README.md, after:

## Building

1. Clone this repo.
2. Run `RUN_THIS.py` to init submodules and download the engine.
3. Compile the solution.

[More detailed instructions on building the project.](https://docs.spacestation14.com/en/general-development/setup.html)

## License

All code for the content repository is licensed under a modified version of [MIT](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/LICENSE.TXT). Use of binaries we provide you is under no restriction. Use of the code is all subject to additional requirements, notably explicit permission for each right and the scope of files you wish to excercise the right(s) on.

Most assets are licensed under [CC-BY-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/) unless stated otherwise. Assets have their license and the copyright in the metadata file. [Example](https://github.com/space-wizards/space-station-14/blob/master/Resources/Textures/Objects/Tools/crowbar.rsi/meta.json).

Note that some assets are licensed under the non-commercial [CC-BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) or similar non-commercial licenses and will need to be removed if you wish to use this project commercially.
